---
layout: post
title:  "OBG Projects"
date:   2022-10-10 13:31:16 -0800
categories: jekyll update
---
This post keeps track of some of the projects I am working on for the Oregon Blockchain Group!

## OBG Onboarding
This fall, I created and led a 5 week onboarding program for new members to go through. The course was intended to be a trial by fire crash course that taught blockchain best practices, emphasized the importance of running nodes and being careful of trust assumptions, and ultimately turned new members into crypto natives by teaching them the tools and skills necessary to use blockchains as network authorities. This means no dependency on RPC nodes, how to generate and store private keys yourself, and connecting to the network through a full node. To view the course syllabus and materials click [here](https://github.com/0xkrabbypatty/OBG-Onboarding)!

## OBG DAO
A big part of OBG is [our fund](https://www.oregonblockchain.org/mission-strategy) where members pitch thesis driven, low market cap assets to the group. Whether we enter or exit a position is decided by a governance decision. For the past year, we have been using google forms to collect votes. This is not very transparent or web3 native, so I started the transition of setting up a block-chain based governance structure. OBG DAO 1.0 is going to be hybrid on-chain and will use the off-chain voting platform [snapshot](https://snapshot.org/#/) and will authenticate votes using an on-chain voting pass in the form of an NFT. Trade execution will still require dependency on our director of fund in DAO 1.0. OBG DAO 2.0 will be fully on-chain with the option for proposals to have executable code in which positions can be autonomously entered or exited by a governance vote. You can track our progress on this project [here](https://github.com/0xkrabbypatty/OBG-DAO)!

## Node Operation
Running a node is critical for supporting the liveness and security of blockchains. Our president was able to get a computer and workspace inside the entrepreunership room which allowed me to set up an ethereum full node (geth/prysm) and a bitcoin full node. Although it was too late to participate in the merge, we hope to use the node to signal the OBGs support in any upcoming hardforks!

## Miscellaneous
I put together a list of [open-projects](https://github.com/0xkrabbypatty/OBG-Onboarding/blob/main/Docs/Open%20Projects.md) for myself and others to work on. Although I have done a couple, I hope to work on some more and eventually add my progress here!
